doc, async_hooks: improve and add migration hints (#45369)
nodejs/node: doc/api/async_hooks.md

<!--introduced_in=v8.1.0-->

> > Stability: 1 - Experimental. This module will most likely never reach stable

Reviewer: Please remove this and we can debate it in the other PR. Then the rest of this can land.

Author: done

> > Stability: 1 - Experimental. This module will most likely never reach stable

Author: ```suggestion
> Stability: 1 - Experimental
```

> state. Please migrate to other APIs.

<!-- source_link=lib/async_hooks.js -->

> There are other APIs available to replace `async_hooks` at least for most use
> cases. Migrate/use them instead of using `async_hooks`. For example:

Reviewer: This feels like it could be better phrased.

```suggestion
Stable APIs can replace `async_hooks` for most use
cases. We recommend using them instead of `async_hooks`. For example:
```

Reviewer 2: @GeoffreyBooth Any reason not to go with the imperative rather than "we recommend" here?

```suggestion
Stable APIs can replace `async_hooks` for most use
cases. Use them instead of `async_hooks`. For example:
```

As an additional optional nit, maybe get rid of the text introducing the example as it is presumably obvious that the code that follow is an example.

```suggestion
Stable APIs can replace `async_hooks` for most use
cases. Use them instead of `async_hooks`.
```

Author: I have intentionally not used the `stable` here because `getActiveResourcesInfo` is expermimental. The stable APIs to replace async hooks are rare...

<!--introduced_in=v8.1.0-->

> Stability: 1 - Experimental

> > state. Please migrate to other APIs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

<!-- source_link=lib/async_hooks.js -->

> There are other APIs available to replace `async_hooks` at least for most use
> cases. Migrate/use them instead of using `async_hooks`. For example:

Reviewer: How about this then? cc @Trott 

```suggestion
We strongly discourage the use of the `async_hooks` API.
Other APIs that can cover most of its use cases include:
```

Reviewer 2: I'm fine with that text if it works for @Flarna.

<!-- source_link=lib/async_hooks.js -->

> This module will most likely never reach stable state. Please migrate to
> other APIs.

Reviewer: I think this PR and #45335 are actually quite complementary. I think the statement about the future status of `async_hooks` is best put in the block that currently says “Status: Experimental” (the part changed in the other PR). Maybe we could change this sentence here to be something more introductory about the migration path, leaving the statement for the other PR; and we can continue to revise that other PR into whatever “future status” statement we think is best?

```suggestion
Some stable APIs that cover many of the `async_hooks` use cases are:
```

Author: Moved a part and changed wording a bit.

> * [`AsyncLocalStorage`][] is stable and designed to cover one of the
> main usecases to track async context
> * [`process.getActiveResourcesInfo()`][] might fit better to track active
> resources

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [`AsyncLocalStorage`][] tracks async contexts.
* [`process.getActiveResourcesInfo()`][] tracks active resources.
```

The `type` is a string identifying the type of resource that caused
`init` to be called. Generally, it will correspond to the name of the
resource's constructor.

Valid values are:

```text
FSEVENTWRAP, FSREQCALLBACK, GETADDRINFOREQWRAP, GETNAMEINFOREQWRAP, HTTPINCOMINGMESSAGE,
HTTPCLIENTREQUEST, JSSTREAM, PIPECONNECTWRAP, PIPEWRAP, PROCESSWRAP, QUERYWRAP,
SHUTDOWNWRAP, SIGNALWRAP, STATWATCHER, TCPCONNECTWRAP, TCPSERVERWRAP, TCPWRAP,
TTYWRAP, UDPSENDWRAP, UDPWRAP, WRITEWRAP, ZLIB, SSLCONNECTION, PBKDF2REQUEST,
RANDOMBYTESREQUEST, TLSWRAP, Microtask, Timeout, Immediate, TickObject

> ```

Reviewer 3: I would leave the list but be clear that it's the current state and not promised to remain consistent. The type list is not so much of a risk as the resource itself, so this is fairly likely to remain if the API itself remains.

Author: Maybe keep just a part? The list tends to be updated incomplete and in the end it should not look like a spec here.

Reviewer 3: I think the following note about AsyncResource producing more types can function to make it clear that it's not a comprehensive list.

Author: The list was already outdated (again) so I haven't it added back completely. Instead I added some samples and direct read to the source code for more.

`init` to be called. Generally, it will correspond to the name of the
resource's constructor.

The `type` of resources created by Node.js itself can change in any Node.js

> release. Valid values are `TLSWRAP`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
release. Valid values include `TLSWRAP`,
```

> release. Valid values at the time of writing are for example `TLSWRAP`,

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
release. Valid values are `TLSWRAP`,
```

`TCPWRAP`, `TCPSERVERWRAP`, `GETADDRINFOREQWRAP`, `FSREQCALLBACK`,

> `Microtask`, `Timeout`. Inspect the source code of the Node.js version used

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`Microtask`, and `Timeout`. Inspect the source code of the Node.js version used
```

##### `resource`

`resource` is an object that represents the actual async resource that has
been initialized. The API to access the object may be specified by the
creator of the resource. Resources created by Node.js itself are internal

> and may change at any time therefore no API is specified for these.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
and may change at any time. Therefore no API is specified for these.
```

will never be called, causing a memory leak in the application. If the resource
does not depend on garbage collection, then this will not be an issue.

Using the destroy hook results in additional overhead because it enables

> tracking of `Promise` instances via garbage collector.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
tracking of `Promise` instances via the garbage collector.
```
